#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
anyascii==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.14.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.1.0
    # via diff-cover
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
    #   pip-tools
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
codecov==2.1.12
    # via -r quality.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-cover==7.4.0
    # via -r dev.in
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.17
    # via
    #   -c common_constraints.txt
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   wagtail
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r quality.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-debug-toolbar==3.8.1
    # via -r dev.in
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.2
    # via -r quality.txt
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r quality.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
django-modelcluster==5.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via -r quality.txt
django-taggit==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.2.0
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-django-utils==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.4.1
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.9.2
    # via -r dev.in
edx-lint==5.3.0
    # via -r quality.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r quality.txt
faker==16.6.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pyjwkest
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
inflect==6.0.2
    # via -r quality.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
l18n==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
mock==5.0.1
    # via -r quality.txt
mysqlclient==2.1.1
    # via -r quality.txt
newrelic==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   tablib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.6.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
pip-tools==6.12.2
    # via -r pip-tools.txt
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   inflect
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pygments==2.14.0
    # via diff-cover
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   build
pytest==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r quality.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r quality.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   codecov
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   social-auth-core
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   drf-yasg
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tablib[xls,xlsx]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
telepath==0.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via -r pip-tools.txt
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c common_constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   pydantic
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   tox
wagtail==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   -r quality.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   html5lib
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -r pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
willow==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   astroid
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   tablib
xlsxwriter==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r quality.txt
    #   tablib
zipp==3.12.0
    # via -r quality.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
