#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
boto3==1.34.71
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
botocore==1.34.71
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
    #   willow
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   laces
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   wagtail
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-modelcluster==6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-storages==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   wagtail
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
draftjs-exporter==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==24.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   willow
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   sphinx
    #   typeguard
inflect==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
l18n==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
laces==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inflect
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   willow
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   drf-yasg
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
telepath==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.14.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
typeguard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inflect
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   inflect
    #   pylint
    #   typeguard
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wagtail==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   html5lib
willow[heif]==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
