#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
anyascii==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
boto3==1.40.26
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
botocore==1.40.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
    #   willow
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-tasks
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   laces
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   wagtail
django-cors-headers==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-modelcluster==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-stubs-ext==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-tasks
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-tasks==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   wagtail
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
draftjs-exporter==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rest-api-client==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   willow
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
inflect==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
laces==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inflect
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   willow
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
telepath==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.30.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
typeguard==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   inflect
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-tasks
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   typeguard
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wagtail==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
willow[heif]==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   wagtail
zipp==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
